website/docs/download/index.md, before:

---
title: "Download"
description: "Download the latest version of Encore Tweaks Magisk Module here"
---

# Encore Tweaks 3.3

## Changelog
- Migrate daemon code to C23 standard
- Daemon code refactoring and optimizations
- Memory management improvement for daemon
- Implement branch prediction optimization for daemon
- Workaround for inexact process name PID fetch
- Change GPU and DRAM frequency without touching governor
- Disable touchboost in the powersave profile to save more power
- Fix Pojav Launcher can't be boosted by daemon due to the inexact process name
- Fix invalid frequency value settings for non MediaTek GPUs, causing low frequency to be set in performance profile 
- Fix random boost caused by Mobile Legends: Bang Bang (Huawei version)
- Make sure new game session gets boosted when the old one killed
- Force off FPSGO on performance profile
- Lock value for CPU freq policies to make sure frequencies are static
- Tweak more nodes of Snapdragon DRAM, CPU Bus and GPU Bus
- Disable PPM policy `SYS_BOOST` by default to prevent buggy CPU freq behavior on some MediaTek devices


## Download
- [Download](https://safefileku.com/download/JzsGXs12mmFqQfuL)
- [Telegram Channel](https://rem01schannel.t.me)

::: tip Support our project
Please consider support our project by not sharing direct module file
:::

## Download older version
- [Version 3.2](/download/version/3.2)
- [Version 3.1](/download/version/3.1)
- [Version 3.0](/download/version/3.0)
- [Version 2.8](/download/version/2.8)
- [Version 2.7](/download/version/2.7)
- [Version 2.6](/download/version/2.6)
- [Version 2.4](/download/version/2.4)
- [Version 2.3](/download/version/2.3)
- [Version 2.2](/download/version/2.2)
- [Version 2.1](/download/version/2.1)
- [Version 2.0](/download/version/2.0)
- [Version 1.8](/download/version/1.8)
- [Version 1.7](/download/version/1.7)
- [Version 1.6](/download/version/1.6)
- [Version 1.5](/download/version/1.5)

Commit message:

Website changes for v3.4 release
Signed-off-by: Rem01Gaming <Rem01_Gaming@proton.me>

website/docs/download/index.md, after:

---
title: "Download"
description: "Download the latest version of Encore Tweaks Magisk Module here"
---

# Encore Tweaks 3.4

## Changelog
- Massive project refactor and restructure
- Added DRAM/Memory and CPU bus tweak for Exynos and Google Tensor
- Disable PPM policy `SYS_BOOST` only on performance profile due causing weird CPU freq behavior on Redmi K40 Gaming
- Optimize devfreq frequency functions
- Remember WebUI language choice by user
- Avoid repeated branch prediction miss on screen state and low battery fetch function
- Don't stop playback media on DND mode due keyevent difference on each devices
- Fix infinite loop due bad logic on gamestart check
- Fix screen flicker and delay on Xiaomi Topaz and other Snapdragon devices
- Fix random reboot on Realme 5i (again)
- Fix random boost caused by Moba Legends (MLBB India version)

## Download
- [Download](https://safefileku.com/download/qRbEXQwK1K8g290j)
- [Telegram Channel](https://rem01schannel.t.me)

::: tip Support our project
Please consider support our project by not sharing direct module file
:::

## Download older version
- [Version 3.3](/download/version/3.3)
- [Version 3.2](/download/version/3.2)
- [Version 3.1](/download/version/3.1)
- [Version 3.0](/download/version/3.0)
- [Version 2.8](/download/version/2.8)
- [Version 2.7](/download/version/2.7)
- [Version 2.6](/download/version/2.6)
- [Version 2.4](/download/version/2.4)
- [Version 2.3](/download/version/2.3)
- [Version 2.2](/download/version/2.2)
- [Version 2.1](/download/version/2.1)
- [Version 2.0](/download/version/2.0)
- [Version 1.8](/download/version/1.8)
- [Version 1.7](/download/version/1.7)
- [Version 1.6](/download/version/1.6)
- [Version 1.5](/download/version/1.5)
